Add note mentioning need to configure at least one mapping (#4159)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-hubspot-cloud/index.md

6. Follow the steps in the Destinations Actions documentation on [Customizing mappings](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#customize-mappings).
7. Enable the destination and configured mappings.

> note ""

> > At least one mapping to handle a connected source's event(s) must be configured and enabled in an Actions-framework destination in order for data to be sent downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> At least one mapping to handle a connected source's event(s) must be configured and enabled in an Actions-framework destination in order for data to be sent downstream.
To ensure that data is sent downstream, configure and enable at least one mapping to handle a connected sources event(s)
```
Passive voice to active voice

> > At least one mapping to handle a connected source's event(s) must be configured and enabled in an Actions-framework destination in order for data to be sent downstream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> You must configure and enable at least one mapping to handle a connected source's event in an Actions framework destination in order for data to be sent downstream. 
```
